Sorry about that.
Does the dignified chairman only bully women?
Who are you and where did you jump out of?
Who do you care who I am?
If you want to play, I will play with you.
It's going to kill Skinchen playing Moser
Don't worry, I'm naturally busy.
This kind of gamble can't be joked about
Okay, since you want to fulfill Lao Tzu, I will fulfill you
Wait until you die
I will burn paper for you
So much nonsense
I'd like to see who dies first
This has nothing to do with you
Go away.
Zhou Tianhao is my friend
His granddaughter had an accident
Of course I take care of it
You are my grandfather
I don't care who you are
There is only one ending to playing Moszu with Lao Tzu
That is death
Do you two want to be together?
No no no no
I we go we go you continue